---
title: Convert XLS to TIFF via .NET 
weight: 5400
url: /net/conversion/xls-to-tiff/ 
description: Try our On-Premise APIs with your document on .NET Framework, .NET Core, Mono or Xamarin Platforms.
---

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class isAutogenPage="true">}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/upper-banner h1="Convert XLS to TIFF via C#" h2="Export Excel® spreadsheets to TIFF format on .NET Framework, .NET Core, Mono or Xamarin Platforms." logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/total/272x272/aspose_total-for-net.png" sourceAdditionalConversionTag="" additionalConversionTag="TIFF" pfName="Aspose.Total" subTitlepfName="for .NET" downloadUrl="" fileiconsmall1="HTML" fileiconsmall2="JPG" fileiconsmall3="PDF" fileiconsmall4="XML" fileiconsmall5="XLS" >}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-container pfName="Aspose.Total " subTitlepfName="for .NET" >}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/sub-menu autoGeneratedVersion="true" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/total/272x272/aspose_total-for-net.png" apiHomeLink="https://products.aspose.app/cells/family" codeSamplesLink="https://github.com/aspose-cells" liveDemosLink="https://products.aspose.app/cells/family" docsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/cells/net" installationsDocsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/cells/net" nugetLink="https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.cells" nugetPackageName="" downloadAsLink="https://downloads.aspose.com/cells/net" learnAsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/cells/net" apiReference="" mavenRepoLink="" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="Export Excel" %}}

 In order to convert XLS to TIFF, we’ll use Aspose.Total's
 [Aspose.Cells for .NET](https://products.aspose.com/cells/net) 
 API which is a feature-rich, powerful and easy to use document manipulation and conversion API for C# platform. Open
 [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.total) 
 package manager, search for
 **Aspose.Total** 
 and install. You may also use the following command from the Package Manager Console.

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Aspose.Total" offSpacer="true" %}}

```cs

PM> Install-Package Aspose.Total

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section isGrey="true" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="Steps to Convert XLS to TIFF via C#" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Total makes it easy for the developers to load & convert XLS files to TIFF in just a few lines of code.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

1.  Load XLS file with an instance of Workbook class
1.  Call the Workbook.Save method
1.  Pass output path with TIFF extension & SaveFormat.Auto as parameters
1.  Check specified path for resultant TIFF file

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="System Requirements" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Total is supported on all major operating systems. Just make sure that you have the following prerequisites.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

-  Microsoft Windows or a compatible OS with .NET Framework, .NET Core, Mono or Xamarin Platforms.
-  Development environment like Microsoft Visual Studio.
-  Aspose.Total for .NET DLL referenced in your project.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Command" offSpacer="" %}}



```cs
// load the XLS file to be rendered
var workbook = new Aspose.Cells.Workbook("sourceFile.xls");
// access the default Worksheet from the collection
var worksheet = workbook.Worksheets[0];
// define parameters for the resultant image
var options = new Aspose.Cells.Rendering.ImageOrPrintOptions()
{
    OnePagePerSheet = true,
    ImageType = Aspose.Cells.Drawing.ImageType.Tiff
};
// convert worksheet to image in TIFF format
var renderer = new Aspose.Cells.Rendering.SheetRender(worksheet, options);
renderer.ToImage(0, "output.tiff"); 

```


{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section >}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/faq-item question="" answer="" >}}
 

<!-- aboutfile Starts -->

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox sectionTitle="Free App to Convert XLS to TIFF" sectionDescription="Check our live demos for [XLS to TIFF conversion](https://products.aspose.app/cells/conversion/xls-to-tiff) with following benefits." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-cogs" text=" No need to download or setup anything." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-edit" text=" No need to write any code." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-file-text" text=" Just upload your XLS file and hit the \"Convert\" button." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-download" text=" You will instantly get the download link for resultant TIFF file." >}}

    {{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="How to Convert XLS to TIFF Using C#" %}}



 An Excel Spreadsheet Programming Library capable of building cross-platform applications with the ability to generate, modify, convert, render and print all Excel files. .NET Excel API not only convert between spreadsheet formats, it can also render Excel files as images, PDF, HTML, ODS and more, thus making it a perfect choice to exchange documents in industry-standard formats.



    

    {{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

       

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="XLS" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/spreadsheet/xls/" >}}
Files with XLS extension represent Excel Binary File Format. Such files can be created by Microsoft Excel as well as other similar spreadsheet programs such as OpenOffice Calc or Apple Numbers. File saved by Excel is known as Workbook where each workbook can have one or more worksheets. Data is stored and displayed to users in table format in worksheet and can span numeric values, text data, formulas, external data connections, images, and charts. Applications like Microsoft Excel lets you export workbook data to several different formats including PDF, CSV, XLSX, TXT, HTML, XPS, and several others. The XLS file format was replaced with a more open and structured format, XLSX, with the release of Microsoft Excel 2007. The latest versions still provide support for creating and reading XLS files, though XLSX is the first choice of use now.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="tiff" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/image/tiff/" >}}
TIFF or TIF, Tagged Image File Format, represents raster images that are meant for usage on a variety of devices that comply with this file format standard. It is capable of describing bilevel, grayscale, palette-color and full-color image data in several color spaces. It supports lossy as well as lossless compression schemes to choose between space and time for applications using the format. The format is extensible and has underwent several revisions that allows the inclusion of an unlimited amount of private or special-purpose information. The format is not machine dependent and is free from bounds like processor, operating system, or file systems.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

    
    {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox >}}

<!-- aboutfile Ends -->

{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-container >}}
    
{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class >}}